# Organizations

CodeNotary’s organizational management feature set allows an enterprise user to create an organization for their company. Created organizations are then stored on the blockchain where they provide 100% verification transparency of their authenticated digital assets

## List of your organizations

Click on My Organizations. You will see the list of your organizations in which you are involved as owner or member.

## Create a new organization

Our current organization solution is based on domain names which means if your email address ends with the domain @mycorp.com and non of your colleagues are created a default organization you are able to create one and own it.

To create your default organization click on the "Create new Organization" button and proceed with the steps.

1. We give the organization an autogenerated name which is always the domain name (@mycorp.com)
2. Add the Organization's details.
3. Add members. You can only select members who's email address has the same domain name (mycorp.com)


## Already existing default organization

In case some of your collleagues at MyCorp have been already created an organization you can see that on the My Organization page.
You also should see the person's contact details which you can use to gain membership.


## Edit or Delete organization

In case you are an owner of an organization you can edit or delete it with the buttons next to the organization's name.


## Invite members

If you have owner right you can invite new members to your organization.
On the My-Organization screen you should see an "Add member" link or you can use also the Edit button next to the name of the organization.
The invited user receives an email which redirects him to My Organizations screen where he is able to select a Notarization Key and accept the invitation.
